Improve automate upgrades guide (#1152)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/upgrading/guide/automate-upgrades.md

### Checking for new versions

Invoking the `/api` endpoint on your instance, for example [https://samples.octopus.app/api](https://samples.octopus.app/api), will return the version your instance is running.

> `octopus.com` publishes a JSON feed of every verion of Octopus Server and its corresponding release date here: `https://octopus.com/download/upgrade/v3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We publish a JSON feed of every version of Octopus Server and its corresponding release date here: `https://octopus.com/download/upgrade/v3`
```

Using these two endpoints, you can write a script that finds an appropriate version to which to upgrade.

```PowerShell
$url = 'https://samples.octopus.app'
$currentMajorVersion = (Invoke-RestMethod "$Url/api").Version.Split('.')
$versions = Invoke-RestMethod "https://octopus.com/download/upgrade/v3" `
    | Where-Object { $_.Version.BeginsWith($currentMajorVersion + '.') }
$upgradeVersion = $versions[-1].Version
```

> This code selects the newest minor/patch version but will not select a new major version. Intentionally avoiding a major version upgrade in an automation script like this minimizes the potential for unexpected downtime and impact to your Octopus users. **When scripting your upgrade you should consider your organization's comfort level and tolerance for downtime and define your business rules carefully.**

Reviewer: I think you strike the important word here, context. I'd be inclined to suggest making this block of text a hint, and adding the bold sentence on a new line so it stands apart from the first paragraph.

e.g. something like this:

```suggestion
:::hint
**Choose business rules to suit your needs**
This code selects the newest minor/patch version but will not select a new major version. Intentionally avoiding a major version upgrade in an automation script like this minimizes the potential for unexpected downtime and impact to your Octopus users. 

**When scripting your upgrade you should consider your organization's comfort level and tolerance for downtime and define your business rules carefully.**
:::
```

You could go one stage further and include some of the options you removed e.g.

- Only download patch releases. Using these two endpoints, you can write a script that finds an appropriate version to which to upgrade.
- Only download minor releases.	
- Only download minor releases after it goes to .2.  For example, currently on 2020.3.4, wait until 2020.4.2 or higher.

### Downloading the installer

MSI installers are available to download for Windows x64 platforms at: https://download.octopusdeploy.com/octopus/Octopus.[versionnumber]-x64.msi.

Continuing with our script above, we download the installer:
```PowerShell
$msiFilename = "Octopus.$upgradeVersion-x64.msi"
Write-Host "Downloading $msiFilename"
Invoke-WebRequest "https://download.octopusdeploy.com/octopus/$msiFilename" -OutFile "${env:TEMP}\$msiFilename"
```

### Enabling and disabling maintenance mode

> The following snippet will enable maintenance mode if it's not already enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following PowerShell script will enable maintenance mode if it's not already enabled:
```

The Octopus Deploy MSI installation can be automated by calling `msiexec.exe` directly or using a third-party tool such as Chocolatey.

:::warning
Please run `msiexec.exe` as an administrator.  It is performing an installation, and you will be prompted by Windows to confirm.
:::

#### Using msiexec.exe
You can invoke the `BACKUP DATABASE` command from PowerShell using [sqlcmd](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/tools/sqlcmd-utility)

Windows includes [msiexec.exe](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/msiexec) as part of the base installation.
### Installing the MSI

The `msiexec.exe` can be invoked via PowerShell by using the Start-Process command.  This example will send in the `/i` and `/quiet` arguments to install the MSI without user interaction:
Use the downloaded installer by invoking `msiexec.exe`:

```PowerShell
$msi = "C:\Temp\OctopusDeploy.2020.4.2.msi"
Write-Output "Installing MSI $msi" 
$msiExitCode = (Start-Process -FilePath "msiexec.exe" -ArgumentList "/i $msi /quiet" -Wait -Passthru).ExitCode 
Write-Output "Server MSI installer returned exit code $msiExitCode" 
msiexec /i "${env:TEMP}\$msiFilename" /quiet | Out-Null
```

> #### Using Chocolatey

Author: It's nice to know that we can also install Octopus using Chocolatey, but we've already downloaded the installer in one of the previous steps. We might as well use that thing here and avoid downloading Octopus twice. I made mention of Chocolatey as an option below but did not give specific instructions because I thought it was just a bit of a distraction.

> Optionally you can instead use [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org) to install Octopus. See the OctopusDeploy chocolatey package website for more details: https://chocolatey.org/packages/OctopusDeploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org) to install Octopus. See the `OctopusDeploy` [chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/OctopusDeploy) for further information.
```

if (-not (Invoke-RestMethod -Uri "$url/api/maintenanceconfiguration" -Headers @{'X-Octopus-ApiKey' = $apiKey}).IsInMaintenanceMode) {
    Invoke-RestMethod `
        -Method Put `
        -Uri "$url/api/maintenanceconfiguration" `
        -Headers @{'X-Octopus-ApiKey' = $apiKey} `
        -Body (@{ Id = "maintenance"; IsInMaintenanceMode = $true } | ConvertTo-Json)
}

# Finish any remaining tasks and stop the service
& $installPath\Octopus.Server.exe node --instance="OctopusServer" --drain=true --wait=0
& $installPath\Octopus.Server.exe service --instance="OctopusServer" --stop

# Backup database
$fileName = 'OctopusDeploy_' + (Get-Date -Format FileDateTime) + '.bak'
sqlcmd -S 'sqlserver.octopus.app' -Q "BACKUP DATABASE [OctopusDeploy] TO DISK = .\$fileName WITH FORMAT;"

# Running the installer
msiexec /i "${env:TEMP}\$msiFilename" /quiet | Out-Null

# Upgrade database and restart service
& $installPath\Octopus.Server.exe database --instance="OctopusServer" --upgrade
& $installPath\Octopus.Server.exe service --instance="OctopusServer" --start
& $installPath\Octopus.Server.exe node --instance="OctopusServer" --drain=false

Remove-Item "${env:TEMP}\$msiFilename"
```

> Depending on the upgrade, your Octopus Server may still be starting up when the script completes. It will still be in maintenance mode, giving you a chance to login to the UI and verify things are working as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the duration of the upgrade, your Octopus Server may still be starting up when the script completes. It will still be in maintenance mode, giving you a chance to log in to the Octopus web portal and verify things are working as expected.
```
